without possessing them more in the next legislative elections
synthesis xerecistas the accesses and companies is like this
in asturias more than 20 farmers
they are throwing their function is supposed to be a substantial matches
we are not the world produced even defending to collect milk again
bourbon
the whole world of the bulls
the request that we continue to give you as the votes we have the expenses
The truth is that both fought
which also knows
three are the sept
this citroen factory indicated
on the other hand of these things the test
in a normal day noted
for this operation
besides a person
it is not the only one with problems the parties involved
are forcing the assembly lines to stop
it just starts to grow
under his management
the athletic has insisted
at this time he has no problems with the distribution are the pharmacies
no cause for alarm
It may be that maybe six days from now we start to notice a
lack of some medications, especially those with the highest turnover
falls in sales because medications
the five transporters are accused of public disorder in the polygon
from romica
where they were injured in turkey acts were arrested last night and this
tomorrow the transporters have concentrated in police station
in protest of these arrests
in a quite environment
a week ago they belong
on the mound when they arrived there were some contradictory
and always tries to leave
what happens is that I tell the police and stopped them and some videos say
that have given me so much
a picket in its entirety to several athletes received a call from
Castilla-La Mancha television
you were raised another day
Thus, about 50 thousand coins have risen to new tests provided in
several points not only a puncture but in some cases up to 4
tires
is the work of an organized group that was responsible for night between the two and the
four in the afternoon
the afternoon split
they entered his house the authors are unknown
although the affected ones suspect of the pickets
this morning we went down to take it vehicles the result was already all
the gun powder for the low rosary I will not go to little
the men had joined the strike
and the other also first thing in the morning on another side wheels of the truck
fan was pinched was one of four not to trespass those negotiations will end
Saturday per hour
a new
I to him p
I think they like pine that must be approached
those affected are mostly small independent entrepreneurs who
they need the van to work preferably
yes collegiate in the act